---
layout: default
title: "Web Rant"
tags: gamedev programming
---
# Why web programming sucks?

Honestly, I don't know. Maybe it was because some guy decided CSS was a great idea. Or maybe JS. Or both.

One thing you should've noticed is how computers are very damn fast.
Like, almost 2 decades ago we could barely have realism in games.
Now we can real time raytrace!! Isn't that awesome? Then why do these websites take seconds to load?!

Here is why. We've become dumb. We keep putting fancy crap on the web that serves no other purpose
than to just look fancy, and it eats up memory, and time as well. Time wasted on crap.

And we just keep saying "yeah that's how you do it!!", we celebrate awful practices, and company websites
show this with PRIDE. Shut the fuck up, I don't care about some dumb european law that
you get around by making the user press a green big button to give up their rights to protection.

It's all full of squares I don't give a fuck about, email sign up bullshit! Why?
Honestly, the web is crap. Is there saving? No. It's helpless. 

Why do we need ReactJsPlusAutoExNodeDoubleMcFUCK crap to make things look """correct website""" or whatever?
Why do I need to paragraph every single DAMN line of text on HTML? Don't get me started on centering.

And we just are fine with this. We don't ask "why", we just think this is the way things should be,
the NodeReactRocketWebAdvanced way of programming. 

Heck this very website had a lot of pain too. I'm glad it's at least simple to add posts and stuff. Markdown is
the best thing to come out of this for text formatting stuff and there are still things lacking. Just sad, honestly.

Can we have some magic fix to all the problems with the web? No, it's as hopeful as a piano falling down someone's head.
I'd be very glad if we had internet 2, just done with hindsight and more simple stuff.

Maybe the fact we are afraid of making a web browser speaks volumes about how we just don't understand it well
in the inside. It's full of wrongs. Roger Clark certainly gave me hope. A window into a past,
where it at least wasn't as awful. Where all you needed was a "how to web" book and some time.
